Updated Reinforcement Learning "Use Cases" title (#412)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/reinforcement-learning/about.md

## Use Cases

### Gaming

> Reinforcement learning is known for its application to video games. Since the games provide a safe environment to the agent to be trained in the sense that it is perfectly defined and controllable. This makes them perfect candidates for experimentation and will help a lot to learn about the capabilities and limitations of various RL algorithms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reinforcement learning is known for its application to video games. Since the games provide a safe environment for the agent to be trained in the sense that it is perfectly defined and controllable, this makes them perfect candidates for experimentation and will help a lot to learn about the capabilities and limitations of various RL algorithms. 

```

> Many example videos can be found on the Internet where the RL agent starts with a really bad gaming strategy due to random initialization but gets better and better with each episode of the training. This [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10944) particularly investigates the performance of RL on popular games such as Minecraft or Dota2. Usually super-human level can be reached although there are still some challenges mostly related to efficiency to construct the gaming policy of the RL agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many videos on the Internet where a game-playing reinforcement learning agent starts with a terrible gaming strategy due to random initialization of its settings, but over iterations, the agent gets better and better with each episode of the training. This [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.10944) mainly investigates the performance of RL in popular games such as Minecraft or Dota2. The agent's performance can exceed a human player's, although there are still some challenges mainly related to efficiency in constructing the gaming policy of the reinforcement learning agent.

```
